https://www.occupationalenglishtest.org/test-information/healthcare-professions/medicine/


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GigvEOUfhoI

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4JUq0F29OGg

---> PARTS OF EXAM

Reading       - 60 minutes
      Same content for all healthcare professions.
      Read and understand different types of text on health-related subjects
      Which text has the answer?
            Seven Questions, Four Texts 
      Key words:
	      Skimming
            Scanning
            Choose a specific word, not a general word
      
Speaking      - approx. 20 minutes
      Specific to profession, based on typical workplace situations.
      In a private room you will take part in two role-plays. --- doctor and patient 
      You take your professional role (as a healthcare professional) while the interlocutor plays a patient or client, or sometimes a relative or carer.
	dili akıcılık - tıbbi doğruluk
	cards: patient and doctor
      Fulfill tasks by speaking are important!


Listening     - approx. 45 minutes
      Same content for all healthcare professions.
      Follow and understand a range of health-related spoken materials such as patient consultations and lectures.
      1-24 questions
      Extract A - Alıntı A
		sadece bir kez dinlemek
		bunu dinleyip 1den 12ye kadar boşlukları tamamla
            
      Extract B
      Extract C
      

Writing       - 45 minutes
      Specific to profession, based on typical workplace situations.
      The task is to write a letter, usually a referral letter. 
      Sometimes, especially for some professions, a different type of letter is required: 
      e.g. a letter of transfer or discharge, or a letter to advise or inform a patient, carer, or group.
      Hasta raporu düzenlemek
      Mektup formatı kendine özgü olmalı - doktora hitaban yazılmalı
	accurate grammar
	coherent	- konuyla ilişkili olmalı
	rich vocabulary
	organization
	punctuation
	- cümle yapılarında hata var
	Expand the relevant notes into complete sentences




--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

LISTENING TIPS:
      Get more answers right in Listening Part C by simplifying the answer options
      For each recording in Listening Part C, you have 6 multiple-choice questions to answer.
      You will not be able to guess the correct answer before the recording time starts. 
      The recordings are chosen to be accessible to all healthcare professionals 
      and to ensure everyone has the same chance of success regardless of their experience or expertise. 
      This means that all the answer options could be right for this situation.

      You should use the reading time to understand the key differences between the three options, which will help you identify the correct one when the listening starts.

      Simplifying Listening Part C answers

      Example: Because Ted seemed uninterested in treatment, Anna initially decided to focus on:

            - What he could achieve most easily.
            - Allowing him to try and help himself.
            - Making him come to terms with his injuries.

      The highlighted section shows what is the most important part of the question. 
      One way to approach this is to put the section into your own words as you read (i.e. Anna started with).

      If you look at the three answer options, we can see that A and B are different to C.

      Specifically, A and B focus on things Ted can do while C focuses on a psychological aspect of Ted’s recovery process. 
      Again, it may be helpful to simplify C to something like ‘helping Ted accept his injuries’.

      Looking at answers A and B, A’s keyword is ‘easily’ while B’s is help ‘himself’. 
      If we simplify these options, we can say that A is easy improvements while B is encouraging independence.

      Putting this all together we now have this simplified question and answer options:

      Anna started with:

            Easy improvements
            Encouraging independence
            Helping Ted accept his injuries

      Getting the gist of Listening Part C 

      If we look at the script for this section of the recording:

      " Ted showed little interest in receiving treatment. 
      Some colleagues at the hospital took the view that if he stubbornly refused to help himself, there was little they could do, it was his right, they said. 
      But I didn’t agree. Since Ted couldn’t use his legs or right arm, I made sure we concentrated on what he could do with his left hand. 
      For example, I worked on strategies to help him dress himself, and things like that. 
      We even worked on fine motor skills, like writing with his left hand. 
      I wanted to make sure that even if he didn’t ever regain use of his right arm, I could at least get him to function by whatever other means were open to him."

      We can see that there is no mention of encouraging independence or working with Ted to accept his injuries. 
      
      Instead, the gist of this section is on improving the range of activities Ted can do by himself:
            “we concentrated on what he could do with his left hand; help him dress himself, writing with his left hand; get him to function.”






Listening for opinions in Part C
      The importance of opinions

      Part of the testing focus in Listening Part C is to check your understanding of opinions. 
      In your work day you will hear many different opinions from both colleagues and patients. 
      Often the presentation of one opinion will lead to a response with a second opinion which may agree or disagree with the original opinion. 
      To interact confidently in the English-speaking healthcare environment, 
      you will therefore need to be able to identify when an opinion is being given and what the opinion is.

      There are clues in the questions which require you to focus on an opinion. These can be quite obvious clues such as:

      In Dr Gibbens’ opinion,…

      Or, the clues can be slightly less obvious e.g.:

      How does Dr Gibbens feel about…?

      Other words used in questions which give clues that an opinion is the focus are:

      believe, think, view, impressed

      When listening for the answer to the question, listening out for the person’s name can be useful although the answer may not be said right after the name. 
      Additionally, if it’s a presentation and the opinion you are listening for is provided by the main speaker, then they won’t say their name at all. 
      You will also need to listen for synonyms of other important words in the question and answer options.

      Example question

      Dr Robson thinks the short-term priority in the fight against Chagas is to
            A increase efforts to eliminate the insects which carry the parasite.
            B produce medication in a form that is suitable for children.
            C design and manufacture a viable vaccine.

      Here is the script for this question:
            Plenty. Researchers are working on improved drugs to treat it, and a vaccine, none currently exists, but it takes at least ten years to supply a new drug.
            Another idea is to develop the existing drugs in tablets of different sizes. That could and should be done almost overnight. 
            What’s currently available is designed for adults, even though infants often have the disease. 
            There are also some very important programmes using insecticides and other methods to wipe out the bugs that transfer Chagas to humans, 
            but initiatives like those take decades rather than years.

      Short-term is a really important word in the question. In the text we can see ‘at least ten years’ ‘almost overnight’ and ‘decades rather than years’. 
      Only one of these ‘almost overnight’ is a good synonym for short-term.

      The three different ideas (answer options) are:

            working on improved drugs and a vaccine – takes at least 10 years [this is answer option C];
            develop existing drugs in different size tablets – almost overnight; [see below]
            wipe out the bugs that transfer Chagas to humans – take decades [this is answer option A].

            Answer B is correct and we can hear this by listening before and after the words relating to short-term, 
            the part mentioned above but also – what’s currently available is designed for adults, even though infants often have the disease.

