# Data Handling	- https://www.cuemath.com/data/
    Data is usually represented in the form of pictographs, bar graphs, pie charts, histograms, line graphs, etc.
    Data can be classified into different types as given below,
      Qualitative Data    --> 1. Nominal, 2. Ordinal
      Quantitative Data   --> 1. Discrete, 2. Continuous

      Qualitative Data - As the name itself suggests quality and quality means having uniqueness. 
                         Qualitative data is a type of data that can be observed and recorded. 
                         For example Gender, phone numbers, citizenship, etc. Qualitative Data is further classified as:

          1. Nominal Data - It is a type of data mostly used for naming something or labeling or in classification. 
                            It is also called "named data". For example gender, country, race, eye color, hair color, hairstyle, etc. 
                            An example is shown in the form of an image given below:
          2. Ordinal Data - It is a type of data that is named, ordered both, and a scale(range) is used. 
                            For example ranking in the class First, Second, Third. An example is shown in the form of an image given below:

      Quantitative Data - As the name suggests it deals with quantity and quantity is related to numbers. 
                          It is also known as numeric data. For example the number of bananas in a dozen, the number of candies in a box, etc.
                          Quantitative Data is further classified as:

          1. Discrete Data - This type of data takes values that can be counted such as counting the number of fruits on a tree, the number of students in a class, etc. 
                             An example is shown in the form of an image given below:
          2. Continuous Data - This type of data takes specific values that can be measured and fall under a specific range such as weight, length, temperature, speed, etc. 
                             An example is shown in the form of an image given below:




    Pictograph
    Pie Chart
    Line graph	
    Bar Graph
    Combinations	
    Histogram



https://www.cuemath.com/commercial-math/
https://www.cuemath.com/measurement/





