Solves Anything     ChatGPT
Create PPTs         Tome.app
Create Music        Soundraw.io
Create Videos       Kaiber
Create 3D GIFs      Leiapix Converter
Create Reels        Fliki
Edit Videos         Runway
Create Avatars      Anime Al

1. Get unlimited knowledge from books           talktobooks
2. Make production-quality face swaps           icons8.com/swapper
3. Paraphrase and write like a pro              spinbot.com
4. Draw anything like a pro                     autodraw.com
5. Train a computer to recogaize everything     teachablemachine
6. Generate imaginitive people faces            thispersondesnoterist
7. Create INSANE art with AI                    nightcafe.studio
8. Create human-like voiceovers                 resemble.ai
9. Enhance distorted and blurry photos          letsenhance.io
10. Extend photos magically with AI             openai.com/dall-e-2



WalterAI


jasper.ai
  Helps you break through creative blocks to create original content 10X faste.
copy.ai
  A full-power Al content generator that helps you write anything better copy.
compose.ai
  A Chrome extension that cuts your writing time by 40% with Al
midjourney.com
  An AI-powered tool that creates images from textual descriptions
hebbia.ai
  Make decisions 10X more confidently and quickly with AI-powered insights.
brancher.ai
  Build Al-powered apps in minutes with no code.
writesonic.com/chat
  A ChatGPT altern with additional tools
iconifyai.com
  Build an App Icon in just seconds with AI
altered.ai
  Transform your voice with AI-powered tools
synthesia.io
  Create videos from text in minutes using hyper-realistic models.
papercup.com
  Subtitle and dub your videos easily using the power of Al
fireflies.ai
  Notetaking. Helps your team record, transcribe, search, and analyze voice conversations.
github.com/features/copilot
  Turns natural language prompts into coding suggestions with Al
airops.com
  Al data sidekick. Write SQL 10X faster
this-person-does-not-exist.com
  If you need human avatars or headshots for a project, look no further.
supertone.ai
  Create music, voices and other sounds for your projects.
elevenlabs.io
  The best voice synthesizer on the market at the moment.
genei.io
  Produce blogs, articles and reports faster with Al.
poised.com
  An Al-powered communications coach that will make you a better speaker.
eluna.ai
  Sign up for the waitlist at eluna.ai for free & priority access..
usechannel.com
  Ask any data question, in plain english.
booth.ai
  Create pro quality product photography with Al.
boost.ai
  Improve customer satisfaction with conversational Al.
fontjoy.com
  Font pairing made simple. Generate the best font combinations.
durable.co
  Build a website in just a few minutes using Al.
looka.com
  Use Al to design a logo and build a brand you love.
sembly.ai
  Transcribes, takes meeting notes, and generates insights for your meetings.
remove.bg
  Easily remove the background from any image.
timehero.com
  Schedule, manage, and automate work from daily tasks, projects and events.
axom.ai
  On this, there are bots to automate anything on the internet
wolframalpha.com
  Uses Al to answer complex questions in maths, science & life.




12ft.io
  Want to read an article but it's paywalled? This website will bypass any paywall.

https://www.my00stv.com/





