
The Zen of Python
Beautiful is better than ugly.
Explicit is better than implicit.
Simple is better than complex.
Complex is better than complicated.
Flat is better than nested.
Sparse is better than dense.
Readability counts.
Special cases aren't special enough to break the rules.
Although practicality beats purity.
Errors should never pass silently.
Unless explicitly silenced.
In the face of ambiguity, refuse the temptation to guess.
There should be one-- and preferably only one --obvious way to do it.
Although that way may not be obvious at first unless you're Dutch.
Now is better than never.
Although never is often better than *right* now.
If the implementation is hard to explain, it's a bad idea.
If the implementation is easy to explain, it may be a good idea.
Namespaces are one honking great idea -- let's do more of those!










---> TURKS
698 Mimar Sinan Died at 99 (1489-1588) 
  Koca Mi'mâr Sinân Âğâ was the chief Ottoman architect and civil engineer for sultans Suleiman the Magnificent, Selim II, and Murad III. 
  He was responsible for the construction of more than 300 major structures and other more modest projects, such as his Islamic primary schools. 
  His apprentices would later design the Sultan Ahmed Mosque in Istanbul, Stari Most in Mostar, and help design the Taj Mahal in the Mughal Empire. 
  The son of a stonemason, he received a technical education Süleymaniye Camisi, Kayseri devşirme 1935de kafatası çalındı

842 Yunus Emre Died at 81 (1240-1321) 
  Yunus Emre was a Turkish poet and Sufi mystic. He has exercised immense influence on Turkish literature, from his own day until the present. 
  Because Yunus Emre is, after Ahmet Yesevi and Sultan Walad, 
  one of the first known poets to have composed works in the spoken Turkish of his own age and region rather than in Persian or Arabic, 
  his diction remains very close to the popular speech of his contemporaries in Central and Western Anatolia. This is also the language of a number of anonymous folk-p…more


---> FRENCH
Fransız tiyatrosu denilince ilk akla gelen iki dev isim Molière (Komedi) ve Racine (Trajedi), 
                      Fransız monarşisinin altın çağı olan XIV. Louis devrinde yaşamışlar 
-- Jean Racine, French dramatist (1639–1699)
-- Molière, French dramatist, actor, director (1622–1673)
-- Pierre Corneille, French dramatist (1606–1684)

-- Jean de La Bruyère Died at 51 (1645-1696) Jean de La Bruyère was a French philosopher and moralist.
-- Lamartine (1790-1869)
-- Descartes
-- Rousseau
-- Stendhal (Marie-Henri Beyle) (1783-1842)
1.	The Charterhouse of Parma by Stendhal - waterloo savaşının tasviri -örneğin christian-jaque 1948'de çekmiş. 
    hatta bernardo bertolucci'nin devrim'den önce/prima della rivoluzione filminin parma manastırı'na yaslandığı yazılmış. 
    honore de balzac çağında okuduğu en iyi roman olarak nitelerken, lev tolstoy voyna i mir/savaş ve barış'ı yazarken onun waterloo savaşı yorumundan etkilenip
    borodino muharebesi sahnelerini oluşturmuş.
2.	The Red and the Black by Stendhal - ilk psikolojik roman, adını 19. yüzyıl fransa'sındaki ordunun kırmızı giysileri ile ruhban sınıfının siyah cüppelerinden alıyor.  
    napolyon sonrası fransa'sını anlattığı, 
    bir yandan da julien sorel isimli kahraman üzerinden insana insanı anlattığı roman romanın kahramanı julien sorel ile madame de renal.  
    bourbon restorasyonunun sona erdiği 
    ve 1848'de 2. cumhuriyet devri başlayana kadar mutlak monarşinin yerini tekrar constitutional monarchy (parlementer monarşi)'nin aldığı, 
    bayrağın tekrar kırmızı-beyaz-mavi rengi aldığı zaman.

Stendhal’in “Racine ve Shakespeare” eseri
      Floransa’da gördügü inanilmaz sayida sanat eseri karsisinda bayginlik geçirerek bir sendroma adini veren ünlü yazar Stendhal
        Unutmak isteyip de, her yıl yeni bir keyifle okumaktan kendini bir turlu alamadıgı iki kitap; don quijote ve binbir gece masalları olan kisi.
        - balzac hayran,nietzsche kıskanç 
        "her gun, ilham gelsin veya gelmesin yirmi satir yaziniz."
        "bir roman yol boyunca gezdirilen ayna demektir."
        ''neler yapabilrmişim, bir ben bilirim. başkaları ise, çok çok, ''belki yapardı'' diye düşünür, o kadar.''
        ''aşk çok renkli bir çiçektir, fakat korkunç uçurumların kenarında yetişir.''
        "tanrının tek özrü varolmayışıdır". "only great minds can afford a simple style." 
        mezar taşında "visse yaşadı*, scrisse yazdı*, âmo sevdi*" yazıyormuş
        hugo'nun, lamartine'in, vigny'nin lirizmine katlanamazdı, sevdiği tek şair beranger idi
        romantik üslup; “söylenmesi tamamen gereksiz pek çok ufak şey, işitilmesi kulağa hoş gelen pek çok küçük yalan”


11 Charles Darwin
Charles Robert Darwin, FRS was an English naturalist and geologist, best known for his contributions to evolutionary theory. 
He established that all species of life have descended over time from common ancestors, 
and in a joint publication with Alfred Russel Wallace introduced his scientific theory that this branching pattern of evolution resulted from a process 
that he called natural selection, in which the struggle for existence has a similar effect to the artificial selection

89 Alexander von Humboldt Died at 90 (1769-1859) :Perhaps the greatest savant and explorer who ever lived. 
He was a genius in many fields. Charles Darwin described him as "the greatest scientific traveler who ever lived." 
He is widely respected as one of the founders of modern geography. 
Alexander von Humboldt's travels, experiments, and knowledge transformed western science in the nineteenth century.
Friedrich Wilhelm Heinrich Alexander von Humboldt was a Prussian geographer, naturalist, and explorer, and the younger brother of the Prussian minister, 
philosopher and linguist Wilhelm von Humboldt. Humboldt's quantitative work on botanica
Profession: Scientist, Naturalist, Mountaineer + 1 more

170 Richard Dawkins age 74 
Clinton Richard Dawkins, FRS, FRSL is an English ethologist, evolutionary biologist, and writer. 
He is an emeritus fellow of New College, Oxford, and was the University of Oxford's Professor for Public Understanding of Science from 1995 until 2008. 
Dawkins came to prominence with his 1976 book The Selfish Gene, which popularised the gene-centred view of evolution and introduced the term meme. 
In 1982, he introduced into evolutionary biology the influential concept that the phenotypic effects of
Credits: The Root of All Evil?, The Genius of Charles Darwin, The Future is Now! + 6 more Profession: Evolutionary Biologist, Professor, Screenwriter + 3 more

365 Thomas Huxley Died at 70 (1825-1895)
:Thomas Henry Huxley PC FRS FLS was an English biologist, known as "Darwin's Bulldog" for his advocacy of Charles Darwin's theory of evolution. 
Huxley's famous debate in 1860 with Samuel Wilberforce was a key moment in the wider acceptance of evolution and in his own career. 
Huxley had been planning to leave Oxford on the previous day, 
but, after an encounter with Robert Chambers, the author of Vestiges, he changed his mind and decided to join the debate. 
Wilberforce was coached by Richard Owen, …more

448 Alfred Russel Wallace Died at 90 (1823-1913)
Alfred Russel Wallace OM FRS was a British naturalist, explorer, geographer, anthropologist, and biologist. 
He is best known for independently conceiving the theory of evolution through natural selection; 
his paper on the subject was jointly published with some of Charles Darwin's writings in 1858. 
This prompted Darwin to publish his own ideas in On the Origin of Species. 
Wallace did extensive fieldwork, first in the Amazon River basin and then in the Malay Archipelago, where he identified the f…more
Profession: Evolutionary Biologist, Biologist, Anthropologist + 4 more


Kirti Narayan Chaudhuri (Indian) Historian 
Elaine Pagels (American) Historian 
Natalie Zemon Davis Historian


  
•	135 Henrik Ibsen Died at 78 (1828-1906) 
Henrik Johan Ibsen was a major 19th-century Norwegian playwright, theatre director, and poet. 
He is often referred to as "the father of realism" and is one of the founders of Modernism in theatre. 
His major works include Brand, Peer Gynt, An Enemy of the People, Emperor and Galilean, A Doll's House, Hedda Gabler, Ghosts, The Wild Duck, Rosmersholm, and The Master Builder.
He is the most frequently performed dramatist in the world after Shakespeare, and A Doll's House became the world's most perf…more
•	The Greatest Playwrights in History, The Best Writers of All Time
Credits: A Doll's House, A Man There Was, An Enemy of the People + 19 more

Jon Fosse (Norwegian) Writer & dramatist 



Formal Sciences
  Logic 
  Mathematics
  Mathematical logic
  Mathematical statistics
  Theoretical computer science
      logic, mathematics, statistics, theoretical computer science, information theory,game theory, systems theory, decision theory, and portions of linguistics. 
  Physical Sciences
  Chemistry
      Acid-base 
      Analytical 
      Environmental 
      Inorganic 
      Nuclear 
      Organic 
      Physical 
      Solid-state 
      Supramolecular 
      Sustainable ("green") 
      Theoretical
      Astrochemistry 
      Biochemistry 
      Crystallography 
      Food chemistry 
      Geochemistry 
      Materials science 
      Molecular physics 
      Photochemistry 
      Radiochemistry 
      Stereochemistry 
      Surface science

Physics
Classical 
Modern 
Applied
Experimental 
Theoretical
Computational
Atomic 
Condensed matter
Mechanics (classical continuum fluid solid)
Molecular
Nuclear 
Particle 
Plasma 
Quantum field theory
 Quantum mechanics (introduction)
Special relativity 
General relativity
Rheology 
String theory 
Thermodynamics

Earth sciences
Climatology 
Ecology 
Edaphology 
Environmental science 
Geodesy 
Geography (physical) 
Geology 
Geomorphology 
Geophysics 
Glaciology 
Hydrology 
Limnology 
Meteorology 
Oceanography 
Paleoclimatology 
Paleoecology 
Palynology 
Pedology 
Volcanology

Space science
Astronomy 
Astrophysics 
Cosmology 
Galactic astronomy 
Planetary geology 
Planetary science 
Stellar astronomy


Life Sciences
Biology
Anatomy 
Anthropology 
Astrobiology 
Biochemistry 
Biogeography 
Biological engineering 
Biophysics 
Behavioral neuroscience 
Biotechnology 
Botany 
Cell biology 
Conservation biology 
Cryobiology 
Developmental biology 
Ecology 
Ethnobiology 
Ethology 
Evolutionary biology (introduction) 
Genetics (introduction) 
Gerontology 
Immunology 
Limnology 
Marine biology 
Microbiology 
Molecular biology 
Neuroscience 
Paleontology 
Parasitology 
Physiology 
Radiobiology 
Soil biology 
Sociobiology 
Systematics 
Toxicology 
Zoology

Social
Anthropology 
Archaeology 
Criminology 
Demography 
Economics 
Geography (human) 
History 
International relations 
Law 
Linguistics 
Pedagogy 
Political science 
Psychology 
Science education 
Sociology

Applied Sciences
Engineering
Aerospace 
Agricultural 
Biological 
Biomedical 
Chemical 
Civil 
Computer science / engineering
Electrical 
Fire protection 
Genetic 
Industrial 
Mechanical 
Military 
Mining 
Nuclear 
Operations research 
Robotics 
Software 
Web

Healthcare
Medicine 
Veterinary 
Dentistry 
Midwifery 
Epidemiology 
Pharmacy 
Nursing
Interdisciplinary Sciences
Applied physics 
Artificial intelligence 
Bioethics 
Bioinformatics 
Biomedical engineering 
Biostatistics 
Cognitive science 
Complex systems 
Computational linguistics 
Cultural studies 
Cybernetics 
Environmental science 
Environmental social science 
Environmental studies 
Ethnic studies 
Evolutionary psychology
Forestry 
Library science
Mathematical / theoretical biology
Mathematical physics 
Military science 
Network science 
Neural engineering 
Neuroscience 
Science studies 
Scientific modelling 
Semiotics 
Sociobiology 
Statistics 
Systems science 
Urban planning 
Web science
Philosophy – History Sciences
Basic research 
Citizen science 
Fringe science 
Protoscience 
Pseudoscience 
Freedom 
Policy 
Funding 
Method 
Technoscience





