1- Pls dont go to lunch -until- you have sent the email to your manager. It is really urgent.
      while, as, until, during, following
      
2- First, an applicant needs to fill -in- the application form.
      on, up, to, in
      
3- My shift ends at 4:00 pm. So, at 5:00 pm tonight it -will have ended-
      will be ending, will have ended, has just ended, ended
      
4- This is a matter -that- needs to be discussed among the members of our team.
      what, who, that, whom

5- The new employee looked -to- his colleagues for advice
      on, with, to, in 

6- -At- today's conference, the Vice President of the E-Business Group indicated that a new agreement would be signed -by- both parties soon
      while/at, at/by, at/while, while/by

7- I can't understand -him- when he speaks Swedish to -me-

8- Travelling to Japan from the US as a tourist is easy -since- no visa is required!
      since, due to, that, which
      
9- We do our job duties and they do -theirs-

10- The proposal has to be submitted to management -by- the end of next week. They need it on Friday afternoon at the latest.
      by, --on, to, with
      
11- The employees enjoyed -themselves- a lot at the company's anniversary party. They had a good time.
      
12- I'm very busy today and am staying at work late. Pls don't call me at home before 7:00 pm as I -will be working- at the office.
      work, will have worked, have worked, will be working
      
13- A large part of the contributions -were- made by the various departments within XYZ Company.
      were, was, have been, are

14- You have not submitted your expense report yet, -have you-?
      
15- Our team always meets from 10:00 pm to 10:30 pm. 10:15 pm now. If you go to the conference room now, the team -will be meeting-.
      will be meeting, will have met, will meet, met
      
16- The NASDAQ has seen the prices of stock -fall- and -rise- again.

17- Your manager visited the company headquarters in London twice last year. -didn't she-?
      
18- Last month, three -women- opened a computer software firm called Cybex International.
      woman, man, women, peoples, woman's
      
19- Your colleagues are looking everywhere in the office for a lost document that is very important. 
              Since you want to join in the search, you ask: "What is the name of -the- document?"
      a, an, the, none

20- The market price of Random-Access-Memory (RAM) chips will decrease further, -will it not-?
      aren't they, isn't it, has it, will it not
      
21- I need to learn Java programming for this project. Can you recommend -a- book? Any book containing sample code would be great.
      a, an, the, none

22- My direct manager, accompanied by my two colleagues, -are- attending the seminar next week.
      are, is, have been, has been, will have been
      
23- A new and improved version of the software -will be released- by that company next year. Also, an upgrade -will be made- available at that time.
      will release/will make, released/made, is going to release/is going to make, will be released/will be made
      
24- Let's file these documents one at -a- time until they are al filed. What -.- time is it?
      a-the, blank-an, the-blank, a-blank

25- Our team's proposal -is being considered- by the management for implementation in June.
      is being considered, is being considerate, is considerate, considered

26- My manager and team leader are returning today. 
          -They're- coming back from San Francisco without -their- bags. 
          -They- may have been accidentally put on the wrong plane or they might still be -there-

27- Are you -still- working? Aren't you finished -yet-? If you are  -still- not finished by 5:00 pm, then call me and I will help you.

28- The technicians were -sitting- on all of the available chairs, so there was no more -seating- available. We had to stand for the entire hour.

29- There is --- more paper in the printer, is there? We need to get --- more. The printer won't print without --- paper in the tray.
        no, some, any
        
30- Tom has always been considered a --- worker. He says it is his goal to be the --- employee on the team. 
          His performance this month is much --- than it was last month. Also, he works particularly --- with others.
                  good, better, best, well

31- --- employees in the company eat lunch in the company cafeteria. --- them have one hour for lunch. --- of the food is healthy. 
          Cash is --- always the preferred method of payment. 
                  almost all, most of, most, almost

32- Let me check --- that legal issue for you. After I check --- the contract has been signed. 
          I will call you back. Before changes can be made, I will have to check --- my manager. 
            on , that, with
            
33- Today, you and your colleagues cannot check e-mail messages because the network is down. This means that the network is ---.
            bottom, low, ---not functioning, not of high quality, decreased
            
34- Restaurants in the U.S. --- two main methods of payment, cash and credit cards. They --- cash, --- foreign currency. 
          Also, most waiters will --- a tip, so you will need some cash on hand.
            --> accept, accept, except, expect

35- Don't move the plate until it ---.
      are done, --is full, was full, has full



QUESTIONS with OTHER TYPES 

36- Pls choose the sentence that has the same meaning as the following sentence: (Passive Voice Question)
      Every new XYZ company employee is assigned an employee ID number by the company
        --Every employee ID number assigns the company a new XYZ company employee
        --Every new XYZ company employee assigns the company an employee ID number
        ++The company assigns an employee ID number to every new XYZ company employee
        --A new XYZ company employee assigns an employee ID number to every company




37- Which sentence represents the main idea of the passage?
      "Annette had sent a document to the printer so that she could give her manager a hardcopy of it. 
      However, when she went to pick it up, she saw on the printer's functional indicator that the printer was out of paper. 
      Since she could not find any paper to add, she called the facilities staff for help. They submitted a purchase order for more paper. 
      In the meantime, she will email the doocument to her manager."
      
      Sentence --
      Options:
            She had problems printing and has taken steps to solve the problem
            She needs to send an electronic copy of the document to her manager, not a hardcopy
            The printer often has problems printing. So employees have to find alternatives
            The purchase order for more paper will be submitted by email
            ---The manager will have to email Annette back regarding a hardcopy
      
      
      
38- Pls read the passage below and indicate whether the statements that follow are true (T) of false (F).
      Chris: "Where shall we go for lunch today, Tom?"
      Tom: "It's up to you."
      Chris: "Well, do you like pizza? I hear that a new place has opened near the shopping centre."
      Tom: "Pizza sounds good to me. Do you want to eat there or take it back to the office?"
      Chris: "Let's eat there. They are having live music today due to their Grand Opening."
      Tom: "Great. That sounds like a plan."

      Statements:
            Chris is the one to suggest the pizza restaurant.     T
            Tom prefers to eat the pizza back at the office.      F
            Chris has been to the pizza restaurant before.        F
            

39- Put the sentences of this phone conversation in their correct order.
   5   1. We expect the update to be on the store shelves within this month.
   1   2. Hello. This is XYZ Company. How may I help you?
   3   3. This is he. What can I do for you, Sir? 
   2   4. Hi, my name is Gary Jones of Software Limited. I would like to speak with Mr. Chen, pls.
   6   5. Thank you for the information.
   4   6. Well, I am calling regarding the new version of the e-commerce software. When will it be released?
           243615


40 - What are the two (2) items required to obtain a badge for all XYZ Company sites?
      Badges: Badges are required at all XYZ Company sites, for both identification and access to most work areas. 
      Badges can be obtained from the security office, which is located through the corridor, next to the stairwell.
      Hours of operation are from 11am-1pm, Monday through Friday. 
      You must bring your XYZ Company employee ID number and photo identification with you.   
      - a badge and employee ID number
      - security office and corridor
      - employee ID number and photo identification   CORRECT OPTION
      - Monday and Friday
      - both identification and access
      
      
41- How many specific instances or situations does the next mention in which a new employee might need to know his/her employee ID number?
      Employee ID Number: All XYZ Company employees are assigned employee identification (ID) numbers. 
      Employees will need to know this number throughout their career at XYZ Company.
      Whether you're obtaining your badge or requesting assistance from the Help Desk, you will need to recite this number on a regular basis.
      Your manager should have this number for you on your first day at XYZ Company.
            Options: 1 --2 3 4 none
      
      
      
      
      
      
