---> Company Questions
      01. How have you gone over and above for a customer?  soruldu.
            I often look for opportunities to go over and above when it comes to customer service. 
            One memorable time was when a senior man was struggling to get his bags into the resort. 
            I saw him in front of the resort. I ran and greeted him, asking if I could assist. 
            After that, i had seen him a few times at the resort bar where i worked. 
            I became friends with his family and friends. 
            On the last day of his holiday, He was so thankful that 
            he ended up going to my manager that day to compliment my kindness

      02. How would you deal with an irate customer?
          Have you dealt with a difficult customer? and give an example.
            I know sometimes customers may be upset or unhappy with their experience with a particular product or service 
            and will contact the company to let them know. 
            I would acknowledge their feelings and concerns, and inform them that I would be more than happy to assist them with resolving the problem. 
            After exhausting all available resources, 
            if I could not rectify the situation, 
            I would let the customer know that I can put them in touch with a supervisor who can help them if necessary.

      03. Name 3 qualities about yourself that would make you perfect for the job?
            I am passionate about my work.
            I am ambitious and driven.
            I am highly organized.
            I'm a people-person.
            I'm a natural leader.
            I am a problem solver and results-oriented
            I am an excellent communicator.

      04. What is going to be the most challenging part of this job?
            When buyers ask a question i cannot answer. 
            This is a chance for me as the face of Jet2 to direct the customer down the right path, or, if possible, retrieve the information myself. 
            Even without a concreate answer, a question should never be met with a shrug of the shoulders.

      05. What experience do you have in assisting customers?
            I never pretend to know an answer. 
            If I'm unsure how to help a customer, I try to find out for the customer and take steps for a solution. 
            Honestly, I worked for many years in tourism. 
            So, I helped many people in resorts for easy or difficult situations 
            and if I didn't know an answer, I reached out to my co-workers or my supervisors for assistance. 
            In brief, I have self-confidence and problem-solving skills.

      06. What would you do if a passenger told you they had paid for private transport to their resort and it hadn't shown up?
            I try to do everything in my power to ensure to find what has happened to the customers transport and assist them in solving the problem. 
            If I can't solve this, I will find either a senior or other service who can.

      07. What would you do if a passenger told you they had paid for private transport to their hotel but you found out they hadn't?
            A policy and procedure would be in place for this situation 
            but I would do my best to find if something has gone wrong and assist the customer to have a nice holiday.

      08. Why did you apply specifically for Jet2?
          Why have you chosen Jet2.com specifically?
            I was impressed by the quality of service the tour operator offers and I already know that it has an excellent reputation. 
            Your customer service standards are high and the quality of training given to holiday reps is exceptional. 
            Having spoken to some of your existing employees, all of them were very happy in their work and stated that you are a very good employer. 
            You are an exciting tour operator that has achieved much to date. 
            and I like the fact that you are always looking for innovative ways to improve and develop. 
            I can see your achievements. I would like to work for a tour operator that cares about its customers, which you do. 
            If the customer is happy and their experience of staying with you is a good one, they are likely to come back again. 
            I would love to be a part of this team and believe the qualities. 
            I have will help it to continue to move forward and stay ahead of its competitors.

      09. Why did you apply for this job?
          Why do you want this job?
          Why have you applied for the role?
            The Jet2 reputation is certainly a factor. 
            I would be proud to work for a company with such an impressive customer service reputation in the industry. 
            And I'm also confident that my experience in tourism would be fitting for this role 
            because (examples of how your experience would benefit you in this specific role).
            
      10. What can you tell me about the company?
      11. What do you know about jet2.com and jet2 holiday?
      
      12. How your skills match to the job you’re applying for?
      
      13. Why would you suggest your local working city to a family of 4?

      14. What do you expect your working day to be like?
      
      15. How would you continue to provide excellent customer service inour current  covid world? 

      16. What would I do in the situation where a customer missed their flight?


Name a difficult situation with a customer and how you helped resolve it 
Name a time you’ve worked in a high pressured situation and what you had to do in this situation
What was the best customer service you have ever given?




---dört kişilik bir aile için otel tatili iyi bir seçim olabilir. 
Özellikle çocukların eğelenmesi için bir çok aktivite mevcut. 
çocuk kulübü, park alanları, animasyon gösterileri gibi. 
böylece anne ve baba kendileri için iyi bir vakit geçirebilir. diğer taraftan, local bir bölgede alışveriş olanağının olması da güzel olabilir. 
aynı zamanda ailecek yeni yerler ve ya tarihi  yerler görmeleri için ve güzel bir tatil geçirmeleri için iyi bir seçim.  
nereyi önerirsin ve neden önerirsin

---stresli bir durumda takım çalışması yapmak gerçekten yararlı olabilir. genel olarak iki farklı branşta çalıştım. 
      iki yıl önce barmenlik yapıyordum ve şu şıralar öğretmenlik yapıyorum. Bu iki işte takımişine oldukça ihtiyaç duyuyorsun. 
      barmenlik yaptığım zamanları hatırlarsam, takım işine oldukça ihtiyaç duyurdum. 
      beraber çalıştığım insanlarla gerçekten iyi bir iletişimimin olması gerektiğini biliyorum. 
      özellikle sorun çözmede ve hızlı kararlar ve uygulanmasında etrafımızdaki insanlara gerçekten ihtiyaç duyuyoruz. 
      iletişimsizlik bazen durumu zorlaştırabilir









Family Vacation
      Boat Trip
      Bazaar and Shopping in 
      
     Diyelim ki Aile bir haftalığına tatile geldi.  Eğer ilk defa gelmişler ise adapte olmalarında yardımcı olurum.
     Genel bir tespitten bahsedecek olursam, İlk seferde tatile gelen ailede yabancı bir yere alışma evresi olabilir ya da spontane durumlar da gözlemlenebilir.
     Bir rehber olrak benim yapmam gereken onlara geçirecekleri zaman süresince yani tatilleri boyunca onlara yardımcı olmaktır.
     Açıkçası geldikleri tatil bölgesinin coğrafyasına hakim olmayabilirler. Bu yüzden belirli bir şablon doğrultusunda planlama yapmak akıllıca olabilir.
     İlk gün Bölgelerindeki bazaar ve marketler hakkında onlarla konuşurum.
     bu durum önemlidir ki bazen tatili kabusa çevirecek harcamalar yapılabilir.
     bu yüzden onlar için en uygun olabilecek mekanları yerleri bilmesi iyi olabilir.
     ek olarak, ulaşım araçları büyük önem taşıyor. çünkü yeni gelen birinin ulaşım aracını 
Couple Vacation




Dalaman Region Itinerary 
            --> Sarigerme Market
                  There is a Market on every Sunday in Sarigerme Village which is purpose build touristic market, 
                  it is a ripp off and Stall owners in the market can be some times pushy, annoying and rude
            
            --> The Dalyan River
                  By far my favourite part of this trip, the Dalyan area is Turkey’s little gem, 
                  I would say hidden gem but it’s far from it, being one of the most visited attractions in this area. 
                  Yet remarkably I hadn’t heard of it and after a day exploring I was left wondering why. 
                  As a day trip the Dalyan has so much to offer. 
                  We had a private luxury boat take us out to see along the river, along winding routes through the reeds and down to the sea.

                  My first impression of this place “it’s simply stunning”. 
                  As we cruised along the laid-back river we stopped at a restaurant famous for the visiting Loggerhead Sea Turtle, wait what, sea turtles? 
                  Yes. This area is now a protected breeding ground for the ‘Caretta caretta (Loggerhead) Sea Turtle, and you have every chance of seeing them.
                  
              --> The Lycian Rock Tombs
                  The boat then passes another infamous landmark, the Lycian Rock Tombs, several huge carvings overlooking the landscape. 
                  These imposing tombs are estimated to date back to 400 BC and are the resting place of the Kings from the ancient city of Kaunos. 
                  They’re breath-taking and frankly a must-see in Turkey. You can hike along to them too, or go via boat.

                  The boat then cruised along the river and out to the Aegean Sea and we made our way through the shallows and out to a small secluded beach for lunch.
                  Yes, all this and we haven’t even had lunch yet! 
                  After a delicious fresh barbeque there was time f or a swim and to make the return trip and more turtle spotting. We stopped at Iztuzu Beach, a beautiful spot for swimming and a regular spot for passing Loggerhead turtles to be seen, before making our way back up the river.
https://www.intrepidescape.com/10-things-must-do-dalaman-turkey/




CUSTOMER QUESTIONS
Could we change our accomodiation/room for a sea view or pool view.



10 questions
1.
-valid turkish residency 
-Turkish Insurance registration
-Driving license
-bank accounts

2.
450 pound
800 pound
bank account

3. accommodation

4. self commitment, change work shift

5. summer sun, using computer and tablet 

6. sezonluk bir iş bunun farkındasın değil mi 

7. driving a car: from the airport and to the airport

8. standards appearance beard, comply with these standards

9. tattoo, red shirt

10. do you have any concerns regarding these checks



