THY İngilizce Mülakat Soruları Örnekleri ve Cevapları

Tell me about yourself.
      My name is Ayşe Yılmaz. 
      I am 25 years old. 
      I am currently doing a masters degree on English Language and Literature.

What are your previous job experiences?
      I worked as an English Teacher in a private language school for two years after I graduated. 
      After that I decided to do a masters degree and left this job to focus on higher education.

Why did you choose to apply to this position?
      I have always been interested in learning about new cultures. 
      Also, I have always wanted to work in a field that would allow me to interact with people and experience teamwork. 
      I enjoy helping and assisting people and this position offers all that I look for in a job. I intend to pursue it as a career path.

Can you tell me about a significant achievement you had in your life?
      I have been playing tennis since I was 8. 
      Last year I hurt my ankle and thought I would never be able to join a tournament ever again and that I would have to stop playing tennis. 
      However, I really enjoyed playing it, so I strived to get better and put myself to the İstanbul International Tennis Tournament and I succeeded. 
      In the end I came the 3rd in the tournament. 
      This ranking was better than any of my previous years in playing tennis despite having hurt my ankle earlier that same year. 
      I consider this to be one of my biggest achievements.

How do you handle pressure and stress?
      I try my best to stay calm. 
      I keep my face straight and calm because I believe my expression affects my attitude. 
      I try to think of the easiest and most practical way to ease the pressure. 
      I try my best to keep everyone around me calm as well. I move quickly but calmly. 
      I focus only on the next task I am obligated to do. I do not think too far into the future and focus on the moment.

How do you typically deal with conflict? Give me an example.
      I usually try to understand the opinion that contrasts with mine. 
      I consider whether there is anything I can fix in my point of view. 
      If I decide that I hold a more logical idea of how to deal with a problem, I calmly express it. I
      am not afraid to compromise when it’s necessary. 
      Last year when I was working at the language school as a teacher for instance, we had a blind student in class. 
      However, we did not have the appropriate material for him written in Braille alphabet when we were doing the yearly exam.

      My coworker suggested that we sent him home and gave him an exam later when we had the appropriate material. 
      But I thought it would be unfair for all the other students 
      and inconvenient for the disabled student himself 
      and suggested that we take him to a different class and read him the questions out loud. 
      My coworker refused and said that he had other things to do and could not read to the student 
      and I had to stay in the same class to wait on all the other students who were taking the exam. 
      In the end, I made the disabled student wait until the others were finished 
      and after other students left I stayed with him and read to him all of the questions. 
      This way, the student didn’t have to go home and come back again for another extra day, 
      we didn’t need to wait for the appropriate material which would take ages to arrive 
      and I compromised my time in order to not be a burden on my coworker.



https://www.wse.com.tr/blog/thy-ingilizce-sinavi-ve-ingilizce-mulakat-sorulari/

