MOTIVATION LETTER EXAMPLE FOR JOB APPLICATION

            To whom it may concern;

            I am writing to express my interest regarding the position of Paint shop/Production Engineer (A City) (12345) published on DD.MM.YYYY

            I have a passionate dream of working at your company for a long time and I would like to express my excitement at this opportunity.

            I'm the youngest child of a family from A. My father worked with you for 30 years and retired in 2019. 
            I have much willingness about being a part of M-B culture and values which I see through family trips and various activities.
            I believe that there is no better place to acquire this kind of professional work culture.

            I graduated from A University, Department of Mechanical Engineering in 2021. 
            During my university life, I participated in various projects and activities.   
            I have improved myself socially on teamwork by working at the ABC Club and the a sport team. 
            During my education, I completed my internship and candidate engineering at private companies such as A Company and B Company. 

            During my experience, 
            I improved my skills in programs such as analytical thinking, time and business management, organization, as well as SolidWorks and AutoCAD. 
            During my internship at A Company, 
            I have gained experience about subjects such as Group Truck Mixer, wet paint application, positive pressurization, storage and mixing; 
            Especially, 
            I have developed an intense knowledge from my exp 
	    			about many processes such as paint types, flash-off times, drying temperatures etc. drying times.

            In V Company, where I am currently working, our products from manufacturing are sent to A City for Cataphoresis Coating (KTL). 
            During this period, I am charge of quality control and keep being in communication and consultancy.

            I hope to be given a chance for this position, as I am confident person that is capable of meeting 
            and even exceeding your expectations with the help of my experience and communication skills.

            Thank you for considering my application
            Yours truly
            E.G
            
            
            
1-Kendini tanıtma   
Merhaba Adım  23 Yaşındayım Aksaray’da doğdum ve büyüdüm geçtiğimiz yıl Aksaray Üniversitesi Makine Mühendisliği bölümünden mezun oldum.Otomobil sektörüne babamdan dolayı küçüklüğümden beri ilgim vardı. Bu doğrultuda üniversite hayatımda bölümümdeki elektrikli otomobil projesinde yer aldım.Bu projede teknik tasarım ve malzeme yönetimi gibi konularda görev aldım. Üniversite bünyesinde üretemediğimiz parçaların üniversite dışından tedariğini sağladım. Ayrıca yine otomobillere ilgimden dolayı iki stajımı da otomotiv sektöründe çalışan firmalarda yaptım ve ayrıca lisans tezimi hibrit araçlar üzerine gerçekleştirdim. Üniversite eğitimimi tamamladıktan sonra Vadi Çelik firmasında Kalite ve Arge mühendisi olarak çalışmaya başladım. Geçtiğimiz ay kariyer hedeflerime ulaşmak ve kendimi geliştirmek amacıyla işimden ayrıldım. Şu anda Uluırmak Dil Kursu bünyesinde Almanca ve İngilizce eğitimi almaktayım.Ayrıca boş zamanlarımda teknik tasarım ve programlama gibi alanlarda çalışmalar yapmaktayım.  
Hello My name isI am 23 years old I was born and raised in Aksaray last year I graduated from Aksaray University Mechanical Engineering Department. I've been interested in the automobile industry since I was a little girl because of my father. Accordingly, I took part in the electric car project in my department in my university life. In this project, I took part in technical design and material management. I supplied parts that we could not produce within the university from outside the university. In addition, due to my interest in automobiles, I did both internships in companies working in the automotive sector and also carried out my undergraduate thesis on hybrid vehicles. After completing my university education, I started to work as a Quality and R&D engineer at Vadi Çelik. Last month, I quit my job to achieve my career goals and improve myself. I am currently studying German and English within the Howling Language Course. In addition, I work in areas such as technical design and programming in my spare time. 
 

2-Geçmiş İş Tecrüben 
Çoğunlukla Imer Group Trans Mixer fabrikasına beton mixeri üretiminde kullanılan parçaların teminini sağlıyorduk. Destek parçaları gibi beton mikseri üretiminde kullanılan parçaları biz üretiyorduk. Bunun yanında Sarıgözoğlu ve İsrail’de bulunan bir inşaat firmasına kalıp üretimi sağlıyorduk. Benim buradaki görevim üretim planlama stok kontrol üretim esnasındaki oluşan hatalara doğrudan müdahale ve kalite kontrol. Ayrıca teslimat öncesi yapılan kaplama boya gibi proseslerin kalitesinden de sorumluydum.  
Mostly, we supplied the Imer Group Trans Mixer factory with parts used in the production of concrete mixers. We produced the parts used in the production of concrete mixers, such as support parts. In addition, we were providing mold production to Sarıgözoglu and a construction company in Israel. My task here is to directly respond to errors during production planning inventory control production and quality control. I was also responsible for the quality of processes such as coating paint made before delivery. 
  
3-Staj Tecrübelerin Hakkında 
İmalat Stajımı Sarıgözoğlu Aksaray Pres Fabrikasında yaptım. Burada pres çeşitleri pres hataları ve kalıp tasarımı iyileştirmeleri gibi konularda aktif olarak rol aldım.Ayrıca burada bulunan robotlar ve yazılımları hakkında bilgiler edindim. Şasi ve Kabinlerin Zeiss 3 boyutlu ölçüm aleti ile taranması ve ölçülmesi gibi konularda eğitim aldım(?). Boyahane kısmında ise karşılaşılan teslimat öncesi hatalarda reklamasyon çalışmasında aktif olarak rol oynadım.  
Malzeme İhtiyaç Planlaması (MRP) ve Netsis gibi sistemlerin nasıl entegre edildiğini ve çalışma sistemini öğrendim. 
Organizasyon Stajımı ise İmer Group Trans Mixer Fabrikasında yaptım. Burada ise refa enstitüsinden gelen uzman tarafından verilen Problem Çözme Teknikleri, iş standardizasyonu ve zaman ölçümü gibi verilen eğitim seminerlerine katıldım. Ayrıca FMEA çalışmaları maliyet analizleri ve teknik resim üzerinde yapılan iyileştirmeler üzerine çalışmalar yaptım.  
I did my manufacturing internship at Sarıgözoglu Aksaray Press Factory. Here I took an active role in press types press errors and mold design improvements. I also learned about the robots and their software here. I was trained in such subjects as scanning and measuring chassis and cabinets with Zeiss 3D measuring instrument(?). In the paint shop section, I played an active role in the advertising work in the pre-delivery errors encountered.  
I learned how to integrate systems such as Material Needs Planning (MRP) and Netsis and the operating system. 
I did my organization internship at Imer Group Trans Mixer Factory. Here, I participated in training seminars such as Problem Solving Techniques, business standardization and time measurement given by the expert from the REFA institute. I also worked on FMEA studies, cost analysis and improvements to drawing. 
 
 
4-Seni Neden işe almalıyız? 
Ben de iş ve staj hayatım boyunca otomobil sektörünün çok farklı dallarında görev aldım ve otomobil sektörüne olan ilgimden dolayı çok kısa sürede adapte oldum.Mercedes-Benz üzerine konuşmam gerekirse babam 30 yıl burda çalıştı ve 2019 yılında emekli oldu.Bu sebeple Mercedes-Benz kültürüne ve çalışma prensibine hakimin hem yaptığınız işleri severek takip ediyorum hem de bu pozisyon daha önceden çalıştığım pozisyonlara benzemesinden dolayı çok kısa sürede adapte olup genç olmamın da verdiği enerjiyle çok uzun yıllar mutlu ve verimli bir şekilde burada çalışabileceğimizi düşünüyorum.Tecrübelerimin ve motivasyonumun ekibinize büyük bir katkısı olacağına inanıyorum. 
I have worked in many different branches of the automobile industry throughout my career and internship and adapted in a very short time due to my interest in the automobile sector. Speaking of Mercedes-Benz, my father worked here for 30 years and retired in 2019. For this reason, I love the work you do and I think that we can work here happily and efficiently for many years with the energy of adapting and being young in a very short time because this position is similar to the positions I have worked in before. I believe my experience and motivation will make a great contribution to your team. 

 
5-Seni neden işe almamalıyız? 
Rutin işleri yapmak kendimi geliştiremediğimi fark etmek beni fazlasıyla psikolojik olarak zorlar. Eğer yeni şeyler öğrenemeyeceksem kendime katacak yeni şeyler bulamayacaksam beni bu pozisyona düşünemeyebilirsiniz. 
 
Doing routine work, realizing that I can't improve, pushes me too psychologically. If I can't learn new things, if I can't find new things to add to myself, you may not be able to think of me in this position. 
 
 
 
6-İş yerinde karşılaştığın bir sorun ve çözümü 
Kaynak hataları hakkında mevcut bir çok sorunumuz vardı.Torcun nasıl tutulması gerektiği amper ve tel ayarı gibi konularda bir sunum hazırladım. Kaynak işçilerine bu sunumu yapıp gerekli eğitimleri usta kaynakçı yardımıyla verdim.Kişi bazına indirgeyerek özel eğitimler ve denetim kısmında sıkılaşmaya giderek bu hataları en optimum seviyeye indirdim. 
We had a lot of problems with resource errors. I have prepared a presentation on how to keep the torch, such as amps and wire adjustment. I made this presentation to the welding workers and gave the necessary trainings with the help of a master welder. I minimized these errors by reducing them to a person-by-person basis by tightening the special trainings and inspection section. 
 
  
7-Üretimi geliştirecek tasarımı sana ait bir yatırım 
Sarıgözoğlu firmasına yaptığımız bir parçanın üretim adedini yaklamakta zorluk yaşıyorduk.Cnc üzerinde işlenen bu parça için özel bir kalıp tasarlayıp normalde 2 olan üretim adedini 4’e çıkarmayı ve stabiliyazyonu sağladım. 
We were having difficulty approaching the number of production of a part we made for Sarıgözoğlu company. I designed a special mold for this part processed on CNC, increasing the number of productions from 2 normally to 4 and stabilising. 
 

8-Kariyer Hedeflerin 
Kariyer planım Mercedes-Benz bünyesinde çeşitli alanlarda tecrübe edinmiş bir çok alanda çalışmalar ve geliştirmeler yapmış bir mühendis olmak.Mercedes-Benz gibi bir firmaya ben bir şeyler kattım diyebilmek. 
My career plan is to be an engineer who has experienced various fields within Mercedes-Benz and has made studies and improvements in many fields. To be able to say that I've added something to a company like Mercedes-Benz. 

9-5 yıl sonra kendini nerede görüyorsun? 
5 yıl sonra kendimi Mercedes-Benz fabrikasında bir çok alanda bilgi,tecrübe ve birikim sahibi ihtiyaç duyulan bir makine mühendisi olarak görüyorum.  
After 5 years, I consider myself a needed mechanical engineer with knowledge, experience and experience in many fields in the Mercedes-Benz factory. 

10-En Güçlü ve Zayıf Yönlerin Nelerdir
Kendimi bir takım oyuncusu olarak görüyorum. Başkalarıyla çalışmaktan onların fikirlerini düşüncelerini bakış açılarını öğrenmekten hoşlanırım; İnsanlarla birlikte çalışıldığında bir şeyler başarmanın daha kolay olduğunu düşünüyorum.Planlı bir şekilde hareket eden ve zaman yönetimi iyi olan birisiyim.

Aklıma çok fazla yaratıcı fikir geliyor. Ve bunları hemen yöneticilerimle paylaşıyorum. Ama sonra bakıyorum ki, bu fikirler beni heyecanlandırdığı kadar güzel değilmiş.Biliyorum ki bunları bir süzgeçten geçirmem ve önceliklendirmem gerekiyor. Bu konuda bana yardımcı olacak kitaplar okuyorum. Tabi ki bu konuda yöneticilerimden de geribildirim ve koçluk almaya her zaman açığım.
I see myself as a team player. I enjoy working with others and learning their ideas, thoughts, perspectives; I think it is easier to achieve something when working with people. I am a person who acts in a planned manner and has good time management.
I come up with so many creative ideas. And I immediately share them with my managers. But then I realize that these ideas weren't as good as I was excited about. I know that I need to filter and prioritize them. I am reading books that will help me with this. Of course, I am always open to getting feedback and coaching from my managers in this regard.

11-Mercedes Benz Hakkında  
1927’de Almanya Stuttgart şehrinde kurulan ve geçen yıllarla birlikte otomobilden otobüse, kamyon ve ağır yük taşıyıcılarına kadar bir çok alanda faaliyet gösteren firma, dünyada kabul gören ve önemli pazar payına sahip olan üreticiler arasında yer almaktadır. Mercedes-Benz Türk A.Ş., İstanbul'da 1967 yılında Daimler-Benz AG’nin % 36 ortaklığı ile Otomarsan unvanıyla kuruldu. Kasım 1990'da ticari unvanını Mercedes-Benz Türk A.Ş. olarak değiştirdi. Aksaray ilimizde 690.000 m2’lik bir arazi üzerinde 140.000 m2 kapalı alana sahiptir. 6.300’den fazla personel istihdam etmekte. Günlük 96 adet araç üretim kapasitesine sahiptir. Mercedes-Benz Türk A.Ş Aksaray kamyon fabrikası 300.000. kamyonu 20 Ağustos 2021 tarihinde üretim bandından indirdi 
Founded in Stuttgart, Germany in 1927, the company has been operating in many fields from cars to buses, trucks and heavy duty carriers over the past years and is among the world's most accepted manufacturers with significant market share. Mercedes-Benz Türk A.Ş. was founded in Istanbul in 1967 with the title otomarsan with a 36% partnership of Daimler-Benz AG. In November 1990, it changed its commercial title to Mercedes-Benz Türk A.Ş. Aksaray has a closed area of 140.000 m2 on a land of 690.000 m2. It employs more than 6,300 staff. It has a production capacity of 96 vehicles per day. Mercedes-Benz Türk A.Ş Aksaray truck factory unloaded the 300,000th truck from the production line on August 20, 2021 
12-Mercedes Benz Firmasını Gelecekte Nerde Görüyorsun 
Mercedes-Benz mobilite servis sağlayıcısı olarak görüyorum ve bu mobilitenin her yerinde olduğunu biliyorum. Gelecekte de olacağına inanıyorum. İlk otomobili üreten, bulan, bunun ilk patentini alan firma, mobilitenin geleceğinden de Mercedes-Benz sorumlu olacaktur. Örneğin, mobilite gelecekte ışınlanmayla yapılacaksa bu ışınlanmayı bulan, ilk defa müşterilere sunan şirketin de Mercedes-Benz olacağına inanıyorum 
I see Mercedes-Benz as a mobility service provider and I know it's all over the place. I believe it will be in the future. Mercedes-Benz will be responsible for the future of mobility. For example, if mobility is to be teleported in the future, I believe that mercedes-benz will be the company that finds this teleportation and presents it to customers for the first time. 
 
12-İş Hayatınızda Karşılaştığınız En Kötü Durum Neydi ve Bununla Nasıl Başa Çıktınız? 
13-Neden Mercedes-Benz Amblemi Son İstasyonda Takılıyor? 
Üretim hattından çıkan ve kaliteciler tarafından onaylanan araçlar son testlerden geçtikten sonra Mercedes-Benz amblemini hak etmiş sayılıyor.Bu yüzden son aşamada Mercedes-Benz’in yıldızını alabilir onayını aldıktan sonra takılıyor. 
Vehicles that come off the production line and are approved by qualityists are deemed to have earned the Mercedes-Benz emblem after passing the final tests. That's why he's hanging out at the last stage after getting confirmation that he can get the star of Mercedes-Benz. 
 

Siempre estamos corriendo para lograr algo en la vida,
Siempre pensamos que necesitamos probarnos a nosotros mismos ante alguien.
Considerando que, me pregunto si seríamos más felices si solo nos enfocáramos en cómo podemos ganar dinero.
Deja de esperar la aprobación de otra persona. simplemente vive como quieras.
Porque mientras necesites la aprobación de los demás, tu confianza en ti mismo no vendrá de ti mismo.
Nadie te lo da.
Usted notó esto cuando comenzó su primer trabajo. 
De alguna manera entraste y continuaste y mostraste el coraje de rendirte.
Ahora hay un desafío nuevamente, y lo comenzarás más fuerte. más experimentado.
Continúa por el camino que conoces sin la aprobación de alguien, no te quedarás vacío de alguna manera.
tu vida seguirá. al igual que la situación que traté de decir al principio.
Correrás para tener éxito. ese es el propósito de todos modos. 
